Redo the intro now that I renamed the repo (#14)
ptrgags/pattern-spotting: README.md

# Pattern Spotting

In all my creative works, I'm always making use of patterns. This includes
everything from concrete visual and musical patterns to abstract mathematical 
patterns.

This repository is for me to catalogue notable patterns with examples
and recipes for implementing them. I'm particularly interested in exploring
connections between disciplines. For example, the following diagram

> might be representing a zig-zag frieze pattern in art, or perhaps an

Author: ```suggestion
might represent a zig-zag frieze pattern in art, or perhaps an
```
